Infection Control
Protocols:
Sterilization and Disinfection:
All instruments must be sterilized and surfaces disinfected using EPA-approved products to eliminate pathogens and maintain a safe environment.
Disposal of Biohazardous Materials:
Use designated biohazard containers for any materials that pose a biological hazard, ensuring compliance with health regulations.
Compliance with OSHA and CDC Guidelines:
Follow OSHA and CDC guidelines for infection control, including staff training and regular procedure reviews.
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE):
Use of Gloves, Masks, and Eye Protection:
Always wear gloves when handling hazardous materials, and use masks and eye protection to guard against splashes and airborne transmission.
Preventing Cross-Contamination:
Proper use and disposal of PPE are essential to reduce cross-contamination risks.
Conduct regular training and assessments to ensure compliance with safety standards.